README.md, before:

# Bash Scripts:
This repository has some basic bash scripts that I created.

# All is Well Version 2.0:
Tired of typing update and more upgrade-autoremove commands? Well All is Well is here it will completely update the repository cache, upgrade all the packages and clean up at the end too. Works on most of the Linux and BSD distributions (RAW TXT file is provided for other distributions). Version 1.0 had some errors and has been removed. 
 
![](https://github.com/spectrumgamer75/Bash-Scripts/blob/master/ALL%20IS%20WELL%20(V2.0)/Banner.png)


# Important Note:
I am new to Linux,BSD and have recently learnt bash scripting, the above mentioned scripts are from my first attempt, so it may not be 100% correct :)
Feel free to edit the script according to your needs. Please note that the processes that the script needs to do takes some time (from a few minutes to an hour) depending on your internet connection, do not interrupt the script once it is running as this may break your packages. 

# How to Execute/Run?
Executing the scripts are pretty easy, just open a terminal session and type `chmod +x (script name)` and hit enter or if you prefer GUI (may vary) then right click the script`>properties>permissions` and check `"allow executing file as program"`. To launch from file manager double click the script and select "run in terminal"
To launch from terminal `cd` to the directory where the script is saved and then type `./script-name`. Raspberry Pi users can get the script, with everything already setup from pi-apps


[![badge](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps/blob/master/icons/badge.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps)

# Note:
I am not responsible for any damage that may occur to your system by using these scripts, if you have any doubts about using them please have a look inside the code. 

# Contact:
If you need to contact me for any suggestions,issues or anything else related to the scripts open a pull request or a new issue.

# Contributions:
Feel free to contribute, let me know for any errors etc.

Commit message:

Readme For Instructions And More.

README.md, after:

# Bash Scripts:
This repository has some basic bash scripts that I created.

# All is Well Version 2.0:
Tired of typing update and more upgrade-autoremove commands? Well All is Well is here it will completely update the repository cache, upgrade all the packages and clean up at the end too. Works on most of the Linux and BSD distributions (RAW TXT file is provided for other distributions). Version 1.0 had some errors and has been removed. 
 
![](https://github.com/spectrumgamer75/Bash-Scripts/blob/master/ALL%20IS%20WELL%20(V2.0)/Banner.png)


# Important Note:
I am new to Linux,BSD and have recently learnt bash scripting, the above mentioned scripts are from my first attempt, so it may not be 100% correct :)
Feel free to edit the script according to your needs. Please note that the processes that the script needs to do takes some time (from a few minutes to an hour) depending on your internet connection, do not interrupt the script once it is running as this may break your packages. 

# How to Execute/Run?
## Automatic Way (Recommended):
Download the `install.sh` script give it executable permission (`chmod +x`) and execute it via `./install.sh`. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the installation.


## Manual Way:
To install the script manually, just open a terminal session and type `chmod +x (script name)` and hit enter or if you prefer GUI (may vary) then right click the script`>properties>permissions` and check `"allow executing file as program"`. To launch from file manager (may vary) double click the script and select "run in terminal"
To launch from terminal `cd` to the directory where the script is saved and then type `./script-name`. Raspberry Pi users can get the script, with everything already setup from pi-apps. Also create a `.desktop` file, if you want for easier access (when installing manually).


[![badge](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps/blob/master/icons/badge.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps)

# Note:
I am not responsible for any damage that may occur to your system by using these scripts, if you have any doubts about using them please have a look inside the code.

# Credits:
Thanks to GraphicLoads @https://www.iconarchive.com/show/100-flat-2-icons-by-graphicloads/arrow-download-icon.html for the icons. 
Also I express my gratitude to Botspot and to RPICoder for helping me. RPICoder:https://github.com/techcoder20 Botspot:https://github.com/Botspot.

# Contact:
If you need to contact me for any suggestions,issues or anything else related to the scripts open a pull request or a new issue.

# Contributions:
Feel free to contribute, let me know for any errors etc.
